all right so I don't see any timer
that's a good thing no timer cool okay
so welcome to the jazz core deaf cue
quarter one and quarter two of 2018
update the J squared F team basically is
responsible for building Jessop EFS yes
we beauty peer and jazz appeared IPL be
the the goal of building a JavaScript
implementation or by PFS is really to
have a way to pave the path for the do
web to win on the web platform and what
does this really look like it kind of
like feels like slaying dragons over and
over again that we keep finding on
browsers every week there's something
new that we do that we have to work
around it but good news are we are more
prepared than ever we have a full
functional agile team began the GS core
dev team that is responsible for ipfs
IPL D and we pure pure all of our work
is attract very true very well groomed
waffle boards for each part of the
project and we have documented it all so
it's very welcome for welcoming for
community contributors or new team
members that wants to get started and
start contributing we also label our
issues with their difficulty and their
priority so that external partners
understand what we are shooting for
first and we label issues also with Help
Wanted if there are actually good things
for newcomers to check it out and try
contribute to the project to support the
growth and like did an increase the
development pace we started doing weekly
stand-ups and we can see more and more
people joining the development and
participating on these weekly stand-ups
essentially the goal is to just
communicate what we have done every week
really raise the alert if someone got
blocked and present what we think it's
work best to work next like what are the
our goals for next week if there is some
adjustment to be mind we can either do
it on the call like a just readjust the
priorities or we can do it on a later
during the week we also use some of
these time to just answer people's
questions if they are blocked on
something or very importantly because we
are a distributed team we don't
typically get the time to do that pair
programming in person
we now won't here and offer people pair
programming sessions over video so that
if someone wants to learn some deep part
of the stack they can just raise that
during one of these calls and we will
schedule one during the week what this
translated to was like a huge
productivity boost like we keep seeing
the number of PRS closed PRS open gets
closed and issues closed increasing over
time and fun thing is like if we can
have an eyeball like a linear regression
here we can see that like all of
indicators tell us that the productivity
of this team is going to go to the moon
like it's going very fast also also to
again support project growth we've
revamped our guidelines for the
JavaScript projects to help contributors
be aligned with what are the
expectations to create a good PR to
understand why the curve is organized in
such a way and very importantly
something that like we are super excited
and it has been working pretty well is
the tech lead and we maintainer protocol
before a lot of the PR review and
merging and releasing was blocked in one
person right now we have like lead
maintainer
differently materials for each piece in
the Jas ecosystem here's the faces of
people like taking that responsibility
right now and that basically means like
a lot of people get their PRS reviewed
much faster really faster and that
contributed to that increase in
productivity multiple people have been
asking me if I could do a session
perhaps Wednesday on like team
coordination like all of the warnings
that the Jazz team has been getting from
all these experiments on managing
multiple people if you are interested
give me a thumbs up now so that I can
propose it okay I see see quite a few
hands awesome cool I'll propose it and
yeah so we shipped a ton of features
from like s3 backends
Private Networks to like better API is
full electron support main process
browser process everything and all these
features came in multiple releases
throughout the two quarters Jessica
first saw to like signified releases 28
and 29 just like peer-to-peer saw some
more and just IPL these all other news
other releases as on breaking news we
are going to do another release today we
are going to do it with everyone and
record it so like wait for the afternoon
[Applause]
everything is ready and it this one
brings like the painting API that I
don't want to lose from guaipe EFS to
the browser it brings em FS so that you
can do things like npm on ipfs on Jessup
EFS and many other bug fixes and
improvements one of the we always every
time that we do a release we kind of
like just eat the drums and I tell the
whole world all of our contributors all
of our community that the release is
happening and one of the comments we got
on the 0:28 release was that the one of
our users said I don't think the world
world knows how awesome this is yet and
we kind of agree like we need to like
broadcast more tell the world our
exciting ipfs and ffs in the browser is
so to help that we started like
polishing and creating more examples
tutorials so that people can like
understand how all to work with a
geofence and a view web vote for Jessica
fests and justly peer-to-peer we also
started documenting the architecture of
the stack so that people understand how
all these modules piece together we we
improved our API Docs so API Docs now
not only have the function signatures
they also have examples and describe
your data types and also in addition to
that we are creating a full web page
just for the GS project so this is going
to be like a really big thing because
it's a awesome entry point for everyone
to understand how to work with just ipfs
if we list all the exciting features
with really cool any illustrations it
will have a getting started section so
that people can get very quickly their
hands on Jessop affairs it will have an
embeds app section so instead of like
being a video here what is going to be
it's actually apps
you can play with right on the browser
because after all it's all JavaScript
and so you'll be able to explore like
blockchain graphs on the Giuseppe FS web
page do video streaming and many other
things also we will highlight users or
ipfs like apps that are being built with
just a PFS do likewise the publication's
and talk like all the times that we have
been delivering at conferences and demos
and so on and also very important and
this is like really exciting the jest
that IP pass your web page comes with
the serviceworker gateway what does this
mean it means like there is a Jessa
professional running as a serviceworker
capturing all of the requests that are
made to this web page and instead of
going to some server somewhere it
captures and uses IP FS to fetch the
content and respond back on the same
HTTP requests that means like there is
no HTTP request going outside of the
browser it goes from the web page to the
serviceworker serviceworker ipfs network
gets the content replies back and the
content can come so yeah this is super
exciting like and so you can try it now
you can go to the chest that IP fasted
on your repo like the code is there
works pretty well it's actually what we
are just finishing up is really the
content of the web page and like the
illustrations and so on so as for short
term goals what we want really to focus
on we have been like focusing on
examples getting people on board and
supporting the team etc but right now
what we need to do is get the
connectivity magics that everyone
expects from ipfs it is still
challenging for some users to like go
and try I just ipfs and have to learn a
little bit of the protocol to go around
some hoops that are still there we want
to solve that for the user so that their
that go ipfs experience when they saw it
on a terminal and they do an IP fest
cats and go FS just like figures it out
if it can of course like if it can go to
all the knots and so on so that's not
going to be the big focus of cue tree
and and of course published GSI people
so Dario to tell the whole world about
how awesome it is
so yeah this is my project I played
happy to answer questions thank you so
much greater any questions
I didn't enhance your question I'm
showing for this month yeah yeah
essentially yeah yeah totally
so okay so the first question was when
just that I professor I website will be
launched and my answer was hopefully
this month we are shooting to get it
this one the second question was can we
get a session around writing tutorials
and act demos so that's other groups on
the FS community can also learn from it
and create their own tutorials for their
own parts of the project I'm totally
down for that and I guess like Rob would
also love to like work a little bit on
that he says yes yeah so yeah we can
either do as a work units later today
or as an uncommon and just present what
we have been doing so far it's good any
other questions okay I guess you ready
thank you
[Applause]